># 15. 3Sum [Medium]
>Given an integer array nums, return all the triplets [nums[i], nums[j], nums[k]] such that i != j, i != k, and j != k, and nums[i] + nums[j] + nums[k] == 0.
>
>Notice that the solution set must not contain duplicate triplets.
>
>Example 1:  
>Input: nums = [-1,0,1,2,-1,-4]  
>Output: [[-1,-1,2],[-1,0,1]]  
>Explanation:  
>nums[0] + nums[1] + nums[2] = (-1) + 0 + 1 = 0.  
>nums[1] + nums[2] + nums[4] = 0 + 1 + (-1) = 0.  
>nums[0] + nums[3] + nums[4] = (-1) + 2 + (-1) = 0.  
>The distinct triplets are [-1,0,1] and [-1,-1,2].  
>Notice that the order of the output and the order of the triplets does not matter.  
>
>Example 2:  
>Input: nums = [0,1,1]  
>Output: []  
>Explanation: The only possible triplet does not sum up to 0.  
>
>Example 3:  
>Input: nums = [0,0,0]  
>Output: [[0,0,0]]  
>Explanation: The only possible triplet sums up to 0.  
> 
>Constraints:  
>3 <= nums.length <= 3000  
>-105 <= nums[i] <= 105  
>
> ## Solution:
> My approach is to sort the list and have 3 indexes within the list of numbers: (a), (b), (c). Index (a) will be at the beginning of the list, and iterate through the list. Index (b) will start one index after (a), and index (c) will start at the end of the list. If the sum of the three numbers is greater than 0, index (c) will be decremented and should arrive on a number equal to or lesser than the previous number. If the sum is less than 0, index (b) is incremented and should be on a number equal to or greater that the previous. If the values add up to 0, that trifecta is added to the result, and index (b) is incremented until it lands on a value greater than the previous value.
>
> #### Python Solution: [15_3Sum.py](/python/15_3Sum.py)
> #### C++ Solution: [15_3Sum.cpp](/c++/15_3Sum.cpp)
>
> ## Time Complexity:
> Time complexity is O(n<sup>2</sup>).
>
> ## Space Complexity:
> Space complexity is O(n).